I've liked you since I started on you
If you don't like me, it's all you.
Open me up
You bastard
What blindness
Roll down on me
Hahahahahaha
Way ball
I won't let you in, will I?
Let me explain.
It's you, isn't it me?
You have to hit me
Let me explain.
Bitch seduced me
And made me put drugs in the wine
The mix is still the same
I can't stop myself.
I didn't find anything.
You didn't find anything?
That's true.
Come on, look, his weapon is up again
This woman is a kidney donor
It looks pretty watery since it's a bitch
Then give it to his face
When he's disfigured, he falls into a ditch
How is this?
You don't want to
I would.
Hahahaha
sister-in-law
Sister-in-law, how did you become like this?